Hello Gary!

To run the file as is, please navigate to the terminal, and make sure you are in the Labs1and2 folder and type 'make run'.  
I had to create the makefile as the code was not compiling together and cutting and pasting the gcc line was very slow.

*****Thank you for allowing me some more time**** - this course is excellent but I have underestimated how complex these assingments are ( I had previous cpp experience but its not been that helpful
- when the instructions are given by someone else - it seems that I really struggle, whereas all the programming i have done has been to my own rules! (so this must be good for me))

I am starting to get to grips with this but have run out of time.  I have got to points 10 of 11, and trying to add the save files to the already made functions, has
really got me stuck to do it with any elegance.

Program Sequence:
1) The program will ask the user for number of lines to print after it is ran, and then will print the number of lines as the read in vector pairs, and then again 
same pairs but with the magnitude value.

2) After this it goes straight to fitting a least squares line and chi squared.

3) Then if prompts the user to confirm the number of parameters in the modle and returns the chi squared degrees of freedom.

4) From this the program automatically runs the recursive block of X^Y and prints to the screen.

5) I have managed to make one of the function saveline work for the first function at great length, and that prints the 'printpairs.txt' function to the same folder, 
   so I now at least have proof of principle it can be done!

Not Programmed:
1) All the saves to all the functions (although one function does have it)
2) Switch function to allow the user to navigate to the different codeblocks (I will continue to look into this).
3) I did not write any funcitons as overloads, and I am thinking now this may have been something critical to make this assingment work. As i understand it overloads would be where
i write the same function with different arguments, and let the compiler decided what function to call based on what arguments I give in the main body... I am still thinking this through.

After this week I am beginning to get out of the frustration of not knowing where things are and it not running, and the higher complexity than Python, but I have had to use alot of boiler
plate code and talking to Chat GPT to get this done. The honest truth is I use AI (you will see the frankenstein boiler plate) for alot of my coding and it would be great to get your thoughts on if this is a complete failure on my part 
or is this what everyone does? If i had had to re write some of these functions from the ground up I think it would have taken perhaps 10 times longer?

Although I am definitley getting better at structural problem solving in the cpp - this inability to code from ground level is bugging me - even before AI I always had templates, so perhaps I am missing
something fundamental both practically and philosophically here.  

I will move onto the second assingment, I think I am past worrying if I will pass the course, and am now at the point where I really want to get better at the language regardless.  

Any and all advice welcome.

best,

Xavier